DEATH BENEFIT ....0000000... cece ceceeeeeeeseeeeeeeeeeeeeaeeeeeeesees
RETIREMENT ...00000... cc eeecseeseceseceeeeeeeeeeeseeeeeeeseeeaeeeaes
AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION .........000 ee.
COMPANY DISCRETION... eee eeeeeeeeeneeeees

BASIC PROVISIONS

Product Evaluation (PE) Program

Length of
Term One model year. Stellantis may request or require

that the Employee participant replace the Product
Evaluation vehicle more frequently.

Executive roll employees, Senior Managers
and above
A newly promoted or eligible employee who
Eligibility has a lease vehicle must have it converted to a
PE vehicle effective the date of the promotion.
If an employee is demoted below senior
manager status or terminated, he/she will be

immediately ineligible for this program.

Number of 1 PE vehicle
Vehicles
Allowed

Note re: Employee Lease (EL) vehicles - Employee
participants with a PE vehicle in service must have at
least one additional approved driver if they wish to
activate an Employee Lease vehicle, at least two
additional approved drivers for a second lease vehicle
and at least three additional approved drivers for a third
lease vehicle.

Revised June 5, 2024

Vehicle Lease (EL) Program

The lease term for this program is 12 months (based on inservice date). The penalty for termination prior to the end of the
lease is a minimum suspension from participation in the
Program of one year and payroll deductions may continue for
the duration of the agreed upon lease period. If an Employee
participant orders a vehicle against his/her second or third
lease eligibility and terminates the first or second lease vehicle
(i.e. circumventing system), he/she will lose eligibility under this

e Active Professional-Administrative, Management and
Executive employees.

Up to 3 EL vehicles

Employee Participant must have at least one additional
approved driver to activate a second lease vehicle and at least
two additional approved drivers for a third lease vehicle.

Employee Participants with a PE or Field vehicle in service
must have at least one additional approved driver if they wish
to activate an Employee Lease vehicle, at least two additional
approved drivers for a second lease vehicle and at least three
additional approved drivers for a third lease vehicle.

Authorized
Use

The PE Employee participant is expected to
provide his/her PE Program vehicle for
business use as a pool vehicle for employees.
Use of PE Program vehicles by the Employee
participant's spouse, Employee participant’s
domestic partner or dependent children is
prohibited under program rules and tax laws
governing this Program. A family member who
continues to meet program eligibility
requirements and is currently participating in
Company Vehicle Operations (i.e. through use
of a leased vehicle), may use the PE vehicle on
a limited basis, as long as the company
executive employee remains the primary driver
of the PE vehicle. Eligible dependent children
under 21 are prohibited from driving the PE
vehicle outside the state of residence of the
parent executive employee.

PE Participants must submit all expenses
associated with the operation of the PE vehicle
(e.g. fuel, car washes etc.) on a business
expense report.

PE participants located at a facility with on-site
fuel availability are required to fuel their
vehicles on site only. For PE participants
located in facilities or offices without fuel
availability, fuel purchases will only be
reimbursed for work-related commuting and
business travel. Fuel purchases related to
personal use of PE vehicles (e.g. vacation
travel) are not reimbursable.

All eligible family members except the employee are
considered ‘dependent drivers’.
Eligible family member/dependent drivers include the
Employee participant’s

@ Spouse or domestic partner who is a member of the

Employee participant's household.

Dependent children must be:

e by birth, legal adoption, or legal guardianship of the
Employee participant, Employee participant’s
spouse or Employee participant’s domestic partner
until the end of the calendar year in which they turn
26.
children may not be added as a new participant
after they turn 26.

Fiancés/ Fiancées, girlfriends/boyfriends, parents,

household employees, in-laws, and any other family

members, etc. are not eligible family members.
Employee Participants must list all eligible drivers on
the Company Vehicle Ordering System and verify
they are listed on the electronic Lease Agreement
and Payroll Deduction Form (PDF) each time a
vehicle is ordered. A current motor vehicle record
(MVR) must be obtained annually via the automated
MVR process for each individual.

GENERAL REQUIREMENTS AND INSTRUCTIONS

Driver Requirements:

Any driver of a company-owned vehicle is required to have: 1) a valid driver's license
that has been unrestricted (including pending matters resulting in restrictions) for two
consecutive years before entering the program, or 2) a learner’s permit.

Revised June 5, 2024
4

While possession of a valid driver's license is a minimum requirement, Company Vehicle
Operations reserves to its sole discretion the final determination of whether a particular
driving record presents an unacceptable risk that disqualifies a driver from eligibility for
participation in its Programs.

The Company requires an annual motor vehicle record (MVR) review for all
eligible company vehicle drivers, including dependent drivers. Before
Employee participants can obtain a vehicle, current MVRs must be reviewed
and approved for all drivers. This process is automated through our vendor,
CEI and is a mandatory requirement. The MVR results will be reviewed by
Company Vehicle Operations. As the Employee participant, you will be
charged for the cost of the MVR review for yourself and your dependent
drivers. The cost is the same as your local Secretary of State or DMV. The fee
will be payroll deducted within two pay periods. Note: MVRs obtained directly
from Secretary of State/DMV will no longer be accepted. We also do NOT
accept third party (i.e. on-line service, insurance companies, etc.) or noncertified driver histories.

Fully licensed dependent(s), between the ages of 16-19 are required to
participate in the Road Ready Teen Program by reading and signing the Road
Ready Parent/Teen Contract before they can be added as an eligible driver in
the program. Dependents with a drivers’ or learner’s permit are not required to
participate in the Road Ready Teen Program until they receive a valid driver
license. When driving with a drivers’ permit, it is a Company Vehicle
Operations requirement to drive with at least one (1) parent or legal guardian
at all times.

Reporting Requirements:

Employee Participants are required to notify Company Vehicle Operations if their vehicle
is approaching 30,000 miles so that a replacement vehicle can be ordered.

Employee Participants are required to report to Company Vehicle Operations within 72
hours (or if not possible, as soon thereafter as possible) and also send a written
explanation, if any of the following driving related issues occur:

The driver's license of the Employee participant or any of the Employee
participant's dependent drivers becomes restricted or suspended.

Drug or alcohol related incidents, involving the Employee participant or any
other eligible driver, including MIPs (Minor in Possession), that may limit,
restrict, jeopardize, or otherwise effect an eligible driver's ability to safely or
legally operate a motor vehicle.

Accidents involving the participant or any other eligible driver resulting in
serious bodily injury or death. Any incident involving a third party or property

Revised June 5, 2024
5

damage, even if there are no injuries or damage to the company owned
vehicle.

e Any drug or alcohol related driving event, involving the Employee participant
or any other eligible driver, whether or not the Company Vehicle was involved,
including but not limited to, citations, accidents, arrests for felony offenses,
and convictions for misdemeanors or felonies.

e Conviction of the Employee participant or any other eligible driver under a
criminal statute, code, ordinance or law involving the use of a motor vehicle.

e Any change that affects eligibility of any eligible driver, including but not limited
to the Employee participant, a spouse, domestic partner and/or a dependent
child, must be reported to Company Vehicle Operations within 30 days of the
change. (e.g. divorce, marriage, child receives first driver’s license etc.).

Loss of Program Eligibility:

Company Vehicle Operations has sole, exclusive and final authority to investigate
program violations or abuse and restrict or permanently revoke program eligibility. An
individual who otherwise might qualify to participate in the Product Evaluation Program
or Vehicle Lease Program may lose his/her eligibility for one or more of the following
non-exclusive list of reasons:

e Failure to abide by the terms and conditions of the Program.
e Failure to follow instructions from the Company Vehicle Program.

e Failure of the Employee participant or any other eligible driver to obey state or
federal driving laws.

e Any drug or alcohol related incident, involving the Employee participant or any
other eligible driver, including MIPs (Minor in Possession), that may limit,
restrict, jeopardize, or otherwise effect an eligible driver’s ability to safely or
legally operate a motor vehicle.

e Any drug or alcohol related driving event, involving the Employee participant
or any other eligible driver, whether or not the Company Vehicle was involved,
including but not limited to, citations, accidents, arrests for felony offenses and
convictions for misdemeanors or felonies.

e Conviction of the Employee participant or any other eligible driver under a
criminal statute, code, ordinance or law involving the use of a motor vehicle.

e License restriction of the Employee participant or any other eligible driver
based on any drug or alcohol related driving event.

Revised June 5, 2024
6

e Driving while license is restricted or suspended (related to driving history for
the Employee participant or any other eligible driver).

e Excessive driving infractions for the Employee participant or any other eligible
driver.

e Failure to pay fines, tickets or toll charges.

e Failure to timely report a drug or alcohol related incident involving the
Employee participant or any other eligible driver, including MIPs (Minor in
Possession), that would limit, restrict, jeopardize, or otherwise effect an
eligible driver's ability to safely or legally operate a motor vehicle to Company
Vehicle Operations (within 72 hours or as soon as possible).

e Failure to timely report accidents involving the Employee participant or any
other eligible driver resulting in serious bodily injury or death to Company
Vehicle Operations (within 72 hours or as soon as possible).

e Failure to cooperate fully in the Company's investigation into accidents,
lawsuits, and damage to company-owned vehicles, which includes timely
responding to representatives from Gallagher Bassett Services, Inc. (within 48
hours or as soon as possible).

e Providing inaccurate, false or incomplete information when reporting a
damage claim, reporting an accident or in response to a Company Vehicle
Program inquiry.

e Failure to report the Employee participant's or any other eligible driver's
restricted or suspended license to Company Vehicle Operations.

e Refusal of Sobriety or Breathalyzer test (by the Employee participant or any
other eligible driver).

e Driving while distracted, including but not necessarily limited to texting while
driving (by the Employee participant or any other eligible driver).

e Failure to take delivery of an ordered vehicle.

e Excessive vehicle damage claims and/or excessive accident history for the
Employee participant or any other eligible driver.

e Off-road vehicle use (e.g. off-road trails, four-wheeling, racing, etc.).

e Abuse or neglect of company-owned vehicles, including failure to perform
required maintenance and/or repair vehicle.

e Providing vehicles to ineligible person(s), including but not limited to, any
person without a valid, unrestricted (relating to driving history) drivers’ license.
Revised June 5, 2024
7
e Failure to provide the vehicle for testing upon request.
e Failure to submit and/or participate in the vehicle evaluation reporting process.
e Employee status is changed to Long Term Disability.

e Separation from the company.

Company Business:

Unless a pool or other appropriate company-owned vehicle is available, the
Employee participant is expected to use his/her lease or PE vehicle for business
travel.

Permittee Use:

Employee participants are encouraged to promote Stellantis products by using the
vehicles for demonstration rides and loaning them to prospective customers (Permittee)
for a period not to exceed seven consecutive days within a one-year period.

e tis the responsibility of the Employee participant to confirm the Permittee has
a valid, unrestricted driver's license.

e Ifthe Employee participant provides a lease vehicle to an ineligible person(s)
such as fiance/fianceée, girlfriend/boyfriend, parents, household employees, inlaws, etc. for more than 7 days, he/she will lose eligibility to participate in the
Company Vehicle Operations.

e Employee participants are required to maintain a personal record of Permittee
usage to help reduce corporate liability.

Ownership:

The agreement between Stellantis and the Employee participant will be one of lease
only, with Stellantis or its assignee maintaining the title to the vehicle.

Illegal and/or Unauthorized Use:

The Employee participant, his/her spouse, domestic partner, dependent children and/or
Permittees have no right to use the company-owned vehicle except as provided in these
guidelines.

e The Employee participant may not sub-lease, rent, sell, assign, mortgage, or
otherwise transfer or to attempt a transfer to any person any interest in the vehicle.
No liens may be recorded on company owned vehicles.

Revised June 5, 2024
8

e The vehicle shall not be used for off-roading, racing or to display any
advertisement or for any personal businesses such as lawn services,
towing/hauling, etc. The vehicle may also not be used for any non-Stellantis
business purpose or as transportation for any businesses such as sales (real
estate, pharmaceutical etc.), or any delivery service such as pizza delivery,
Amazon, Uber Eats, Door Dash etc. The vehicle shall also not be used in a
rideshare platform (e.g. Uber, Lyft, etc.) or any car sharing platform (e.g. Turo,
Getaround, etc.).

e tis permissible to use the vehicle for volunteer/non-profit use, provided that the
vehicle is driven by someone who is authorized to drive the vehicle under the
Lease Program.

e The vehicle shall not be used in an illegal manner or for any illegal purpose.

e The vehicle shall not be used for the transportation of persons or property for
hire other than "car pool" arrangements in which the compensation received
approximates the cost of the vehicle's operation.

e The vehicle shall not be moved or operated in any location outside the
United States or Canada without the prior written consent of the Secretary
of the Company Vehicle Committee.

Government agencies, including but not limited to, the United States Customs
Service, have policies of seizing and detaining motor vehicles used by persons in
connection with suspected criminal activity including the transportation of drugs or
alcohol. All costs, expenses, fines and penalties that may be assessed by a
government agency associated with any such seizure and/or detention of a
leased company vehicle will be the sole responsibility of the Employee
participant. The Employee participant will defend, indemnify and hold Stellantis
harmless from and against any claims, demands, liability, losses, costs,
expenses, damages, penalties and fees related to or connected with the seizure
and detention of company-owned vehicles and the recovery of such vehicle from
government seizure and/or detention.

Vehicle Negligence/Modifications:

Employee participants may be responsible for up to 100% of repairs if they are due
to negligence or if they are due to modifications that were not approved by Company
Vehicle Operations. Examples of negligence include, but are not limited to, interior
or exterior damage that is caused by the employee participant or any driver or occupant
of the vehicle, such as spills, upholstery tears or burns, wrong fuel used in the vehicle,
damage from ice scraping, pet damage, cracked or damaged radio screens, damage
caused by loading, unloading or transporting cargo, improperly secured tonneau covers
etc.

Revised June 5, 2024
In addition, repairs performed by an independent facility are not authorized and are not
reimbursable. Any damage costs resulting from an unauthorized repair at an
independent facility are the responsibility of the participant.

Company Vehicle Operations has sole, exclusive, and final authority to determine
responsibility for cost of repairs for negligence and/or unauthorized modifications.

Safe Driving:

Participants should avoid any activity that would distract the driver and possibly
result in him/her having an accident (e.g. cell phone use, texting, reading, eating,
etc.). Stellantis strongly encourages participants to use "hands-free" alternatives
when talking on cell phones while driving (e.g. Mopar Uconnect systems,
Bluetooth headsets, etc.) and requires participants to follow all federal, state and
local laws that govern distracted driving, including laws that prohibit or limit the
use of hand-held communication devices.

Safety Belts and Child Seat Usage:

Every operator and passenger(s) in company-owned vehicles MUST use safety belts
when the vehicle is in use. The total number of occupants in any vehicle may not
exceed the number of seating locations equipped with seat belts. Further, all children
12 years of age or younger shall be placed in a rear seat, where available, and shall
always be buckled up in the appropriate restraint or child seat for their height and
weight.

LEASE PAYMENTS

Lease and insurance payments will commence on the day the Employee participant
takes delivery of the vehicle. The charges will be prorated during the first and last
months of the lease. A Lease Vehicle Receipt & Disclosure Form (LVR) activates
and/or deactivates the monthly lease and insurance vehicle deduction. The monthly
deduction is based on a thirty-day month, and is taken from an available payroll check
or checking account. Employee participants will electronically sign a PE/Lease
Agreement and Payroll Deduction Authorization Form permitting Stellantis to deduct
from the Employee participant's salary the amount of the monthly lease and insurance
charges and any other charges for damage or missing equipment assessed under the
terms of the Program.

Any LVR processed after the payroll cut-off date will not be reflected in the monthly
deduction until the following month. If a lease and insurance payment is not taken from a
Revised June 5, 2024
10

payroll check, it will be deducted from the following month's payroll check in addition to
the regular monthly payments. If an additional deduction is not possible, the Employee
participant is responsible for paying any invoice that is issued. Payment is due
immediately upon receipt of the invoice.

Whenever deductions cannot be made from the payroll check, the Employee participant
must provide their financial institution's account information to Company Vehicle
Operations so that lease vehicle and insurance payments may be taken from a
designated electronic funds transfer (EFT) account. The deduction taken from your bank
account is for the usage of the vehicle in the prior month.

Monthly lease and insurance charges will continue for vehicles being repaired
regardless of the duration of repairs. Monthly lease and insurance charges will continue
for stolen or totaled vehicles until the file is closed allowing the vehicles to be removed
from service and/or a replacement vehicle (if possible) has been delivered. The charges
will be pro-rated once the vehicle has been removed from service.

lf the Employee participant defaults on the monthly lease payment for three consecutive
months, a payment plan must be arranged with Company Vehicle Operations or the
Employee participant may lose their eligibility to continue in the Program.

lf there are any outstanding charges that are not able to be collected, all outstanding
amounts will be sent to an outside collections agency for recovery and reported to the
credit bureau.

Example Calculations of Lease Payment:

Adjustments Example |
Vehicle exchange occurring on May 5 (before cut-off date):

e Turn in vehicle lease and insurance rate is
$300
e Replacement vehicle lease and insurance rate is $325

Turn-in vehicle usage was for 5 days in May.
$300 / 30 days = $10 per day X 5 days = $50 cost to lessee

Replacement vehicle usage was 25 days in May.
$325 / 30 days = $10.83 per day X 25 days = $270.83 cost to lessee

Revised June 5, 2024
1]

Lease and insurance deduction for May 31 paycheck is $50 + $270.83 = $320.83.

Example Il
Vehicle exchange occurring May 22 (after cut-off date):

e Monthly lease and insurance rate of vehicle turned in is $270
e Monthly lease and insurance rate of replacement vehicle is $330

Because paperwork was received after the payroll cut-off date, the May lease
and insurance deduction is $270. In June, the deduction will take into account
the transaction as follows:

Vehicle turned in will be adjusted for eight days in May.

$270/30 days = $9/day X 8 days’ usage = $72 credit to the lessee

Replacement lease and insurance charge is calculated for part of May and all of June,
as follows:

Replacement vehicle usage was 8 days in May (May 22 - May 30).
$330 / 30 days = $11 per day X 8 days = $88 cost to lessee
Replacement vehicle usage was 30 days in June=$330 cost to lessee

Lease and insurance deduction for June 30th paycheck is as follows:
Total deduction for June = $88 + $330 = $418
Total credit for May in June = $72

VEHICLE TURN-IN AND DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS

Turn-In / Delivery Policy:

The lease term for this program is 12 months (based on in-service date). The penalty
for termination prior to the end of the lease is a minimum suspension of Program
eligibility for one year and payroll deductions may continue for the duration of the
agreed upon lease period.

Employee participant has only one lease vehicle: If the lease vehicle is turned in prior
to the end of the lease, eligibility is suspended for both the first and second lease

vehicles for one year.

Employee participant has two or three lease vehicles: If one vehicle is turned in prior to
the end of the lease, that lease will be subject to the above penalty for one year. The
remaining lease vehicles remain unaffected.

If the Employee participant orders a vehicle against his/her second or third lease
eligibility and terminates the first or second lease vehicle (i.e. circumventing system),
he/she will lose eligibility under this program.

Revised June 5, 2024
12

Vehicle Delivery:

All drivers taking delivery of a company-owned vehicle must present their
current valid, unrestricted driver's license at the time of vehicle delivery.
Note: drivers may not have a paper license.

All vehicles are to be inspected at the time of delivery by the Employee
participant. If the vehicle does not meet the original ordering specifications,
please request the delivering facility to note the discrepancies (missing
equipment) on the Lease

Vehicle Receipt (LVR). You must notify Company Vehicle Operations within two
weeks of taking delivery to correct the problem.

If the vehicle incurred transit damage, the repairs will be made prior to delivery.
However, vehicles may be delivered with minor manufacturing defects as long as
safety or drivability is not a factor. The driver must accept the vehicle as delivered
and report any vehicle defects via the PE/ Lease Survey System.

If the vehicle has minor interior or exterior defects, contact your Vehicle Coordinator
immediately after taking delivery of the vehicle.

e Deliveries/Turn-In Within Southeast Michigan

e The Southeastern Michigan area includes the following counties:
Genesee, Lapeer, Livingston, Oakland, Macomb, Wayne and
Washtenaw.

e Vehicles may be delivered and turned in through the Lapeer Road
Marshaling Center or a dealership of the employee participant’s choice.
Employee participants will be contacted when vehicles are available for
pick up.

e Deliveries/Turn-In Outside of Southeast Michigan

e Delivery and turn-in occurs at a Stellantis Franchised Dealership. All
vehicles are licensed, titled and renewed (tabs) through the Lapeer
Road Marshaling Center who will work directly with the dealership. The
dealer will complete an Electronic Lease Vehicle Receipt and
Disclosure Form (LVR). Obtain a copy of the completed LVR from the
dealer and fax a copy to Lapeer Road Marshaling Center at (248) 7541010.

Revised June 5, 2024
13

Vehicle Turn-In Condition:

All vehicles are to be inspected at the time of turn in by the receiving facility. After the
inspection, it is mandatory that the LVR is completed accurately acknowledging any
damages and must include signature, date and vehicle mileage. A delay in providing this
document will cause a delay in the Employee participants' monthly lease rate
adjustment.

Any damage exceeding the standards of the Company Vehicle Wear Square are
required to have an accident claim filed and a repair estimate obtained from a franchised
dealer. The Wear Square is a tool to measure any damage to the vehicle as well as tire
tread depth in order to determine if repairs or tire replacement are necessary. Damage
with a repair cost of $1,000 or more must be repaired prior to turn-in. Wear Squares will
be provided by the Lapeer Road Marshaling Center at delivery or can be requested by
contacting Company Vehicle Operations.

The overall condition of the vehicle at the time of turn-in must exhibit the following
conditions:

Y Vehicle must have a clean interior and exterior which includes vacuuming and must
be free of any stickers or decals, loose debris, pet hair, food crumbs/spills etc.

o Any interior damage exceeding the standards of the Company Vehicle Wear
Square will be charged according to the fee schedule published on the
Company Vehicle Operations website.

o Vehicles with extreme odor (including smoke) will be charged for cleaning.

Y Vehicle must have a minimum of % tank of gas.

v In most cases, vehicle must be restored to its original condition if it was altered in
any way from installations of non-factory installed accessories. See Vehicle
Modifications page on the Company Vehicle website for complete policy and
exceptions.

Y Any vehicle with more than one top (i.e. has dual top option such as Gladiator or
Wrangler) must be turned in with the hard top installed and the soft top stored
appropriately inside the vehicle.

v Any vehicle with damage to a tonneau cover, soft top etc. will be charged the full
cost for the replacement.
Y Disconnect technology — i.e. mobile devices / uConnect accounts etc.
v¥ Vehicle must have the Owners Information Kit containing the vehicle literature
(owner's manual) that was originally provided with the vehicle and also the
following:
o Acopy of the vehicle registration.

Revised June 5, 2024
14

Two complete sets of keys.

Remote locking devices (if so equipped).

All other original vehicle equipment (e.g., jack, lug wrench, spare tire and
wheel, etc.) must be returned with the vehicle.

v Vehicle oil changes must be up-to-date.

Vv All tires on the vehicle must meet the minimum requirement of 4/32” tire tread
depth.

v Any damaged or defective tire(s) must be replaced prior to the vehicle turn in

date.

e)

Replacement tires must match the original equipment or manufacturers’
suggested replacement.

v Any replacement wheels are required to match the original equipment.
¥ Windshields must be replaced if the following defects are present:

QO

O
O
O

Multiple chips.

Multiple bullseyes.

Cracking.

Single chip exceeding the Company Vehicle Wear Square or any chip with
evidence of cracking.

Note: Windshield repairs are not permitted or authorized at any time. Also
be reminded that if the driver's visibility is impacted, regardless of the
severity of the windshield damage, the windshield must be replaced.

Y All damage over $1,000 must be repaired. Must provide copy of any repair
estimate for body damage (exceeding the Wear Square but under $1,000 that is
not repaired).

Y All open recalls/campaigns must be completed. Please check
http://recalls.mopar.com/ for open recalls/campaigns prior to turn-in.

The Employee participant may incur a fee associated with cleaning, equipment
replacement and/or vehicle repair for vehicles that do not meet these
requirements. Fee schedule is published on the Company Vehicle Operations

website.

SALE OF COMPANY OWNED VEHICLES

Used Vehicle Sale Policy
PE and/or Lease vehicles qualify to be sold under the following conditions:

Normal replacement interval (regardless of mileage):
Within Southeastern Michigan

Revised June 5, 2024
15

For questions regarding the purchase of your vehicle, please contact the Sales
Coordinator at the Lapeer Road Marshaling Center by email at
vehicleservices@stellantis.com or by phone at (833) 550-5783.

The purchaser must select and contact a dealership to complete the transaction. The
Employee participant must inform the Lapeer Road Marshaling Center at the time of
turn-in that he/she has a purchaser and complete a Purchase Agreement/Program
Provisions Form. The dealership will bring a check for the full amount when picking
up the vehicle from the Lapeer Road Marshaling Center. The purchaser will pay the
dealer for the vehicle upon delivery.

Outside Southeastern Michigan

For questions regarding the purchase of your vehicle, please contact the Sales
Coordinator at the Lapeer Road Marshaling Center by email at
vehicleservices@stellantis.com or by phone at (833) 550-5783.

The Employee participant must inform a Stellantis dealership that he/she has a buyer
for his/her corporate vehicle. The entire turn-in and purchase process must be
performed by the dealership online to www.chryslerdirect.com. When the transaction
is complete, the dealership will provide you with a Lease Vehicle Receipt (LVR). The
price given does not include taxes and licensing and titling fees.

A completed copy of the LVR must be mailed or faxed to:

Stellantis
4300 South Lapeer Road
Orion Township, MI 48359
Fax number: (248) 754-1010

Prior to normal replacement interval - in addition to the requirements above, if the
vehicle has a minimum of 8,000 miles, the vehicle may be sold as follows:

Within Southeastern Michigan

For questions regarding the purchase of your vehicle, please contact the Sales
Coordinator at the Lapeer Road Marshaling Center by email at
vehicleservices@stellantis.com or by phone at (833) 550-5783.

If you are purchasing your vehicle and plan to order a replacement, you will complete
the complete the Interim/Replacement Request form found under the Bulletins and
Forms tab. The Employee participant may reorder a vehicle whenever ordering is
open.

If you are not planning to order a replacement vehicle, you will complete the
Termination form found under the Bulletins and Forms tab.
16

e Ifthe turned-in PE/Lease vehicle is not sold within 3 business days, the Employee
participant must recover it and return the interim vehicle to the Lapeer Road
Marshaling Center.

Outside Southeastern Michigan

e For questions regarding the purchase of your vehicle, please contact the Sales
Coordinator at the Lapeer Road Marshaling Center by email at
vehicleservices@stellantis.com or by phone at (833) 550-5783.

e If you are not planning to order a replacement vehicle, you will complete the
Termination form found under the Bulletins and Forms tab.

e Ifthe company is in build-out status, no vehicles can be sold or ordered. If the
company is not in build-out status the Employee participant will be allowed to order a
replacement vehicle whenever ordering is open.

Employee participants no longer eligible to participate in the program due to separation
from the corporation (resignation, termination, layoff etc.) may purchase the vehicle(s) in
their custody at the time of turn-in at the employee price.

Sale Price:

Financial arrangements for the sale of a vehicle are between the purchaser and the
dealer or other financial institutions. A PE and/or EL lease vehicle may be purchased
under one of the following pricing categories:

e Employee Purchase Price: Purchaser must be the employee, employees’ spouse,
domestic partner, employee's parents, sons and daughters (including in-laws and
stepchildren), brothers and sisters (including in-laws, half and step brothers and
sisters) grandchildren and grandparents.

e Certain Designated Individual (CDI): All other individuals not listed above.

For questions regarding the purchase of a used vehicles for sale, please email the Sales
Coordinator at vehicleservices@stellantis.com or call (833) 550-5783.

VEHICLE EVALUATION, TESTING AND REPORTING
Vehicle Testing:

The purpose of Stellantis’ Vehicle Lease Program and Product Evaluation Program is to
support product quality initiatives, both initial and long term, through testing, evaluation
and feedback. Accordingly, Employee participants agree to make vehicles available for

testing, maintenance, repairs or other requirements as determined by the Company. If
Revised June 5, 2024
17

the vehicle is required for evaluation, Employee participants will make the vehicle
available within two working days of notification, and alternative transportation will be
provided.

Vehicle Reporting:

Employee participants are required to complete and submit a Monthly Vehicle
Evaluation Report, and failure to do so may result in loss of program eligibility. The
reporting system is web based and is accessible via the Company Vehicle Operations
website on The Hub. You may be contacted to provide additional information or to
arrange a physical inspection of your vehicle. Please do not wait for an engineer to
contact you prior to repairing the vehicle. Continue to have scheduled maintenance and
repairs performed.

In addition, Employee participants are required to notify Company Vehicle Operations if
their vehicle is approaching 30,000 miles so that a replacement vehicle can be ordered.

Vehicle Operation and Location Data:

| understand and acknowledge that the vehicle (“Vehicle”) | am provided pursuant to the
Stellantis Company Vehicle Program is equipped with the Uconnect® platform and associated
sensors, devices, equipment, telematics and connected services, and other features (the
“Connected Services”) and may also include other telediagnostic and telematics equipment
(together with the Connected Services, referred to as the “Vehicle Services”). | further
acknowledge and expressly agree that Stellantis may access, receive, collect, use and
disclose information from and about this Vehicle and Vehicle Services, which may
include driving data, geolocation data, crash notifications and crash data, performance
and diagnostic data, and other personal information, as set forth in the Company Vehicle

Program Privacy Notice.

ALTERNATE TRANSPORTATION

When a company-owned vehicle will be out of service for three or more days for reasons
other than scheduled maintenance or minor warranty items, Employee participants are
encouraged to use department pool vehicles for alternate transportation. If a pool
vehicle is not available, a loaner or rental vehicle may be obtained.

The participant must continue to drive their company-owned vehicle if it is drivable.
Do not leave the vehicle at the dealership until parts are available and/or repairs
begin. The monthly vehicle lease payment will continue while the lease vehicle is
out of service.

The Employee participant will be charged (or not reimbursed) a rate of $35 per day for
the use of the loaner/rental vehicle if the minimum three days out-of-service

Revised June 5, 2024
18

requirement is not met. The Employee participant will also be charged for each
additional day that the loaner/rental vehicle is kept after the repairs are completed.

Participants in Southeastern Michigan — Loaner Vehicles:

Participants in Southeastern Michigan may obtain a vehicle from Lapeer Road
Marshaling Center (LRMC) if available. Advance reservations are required. At the time
of loaner pick up, participants must provide the following information:

e For damage repairs, the claim number

e For warranty repairs, a copy of the dealer work order indicating the
problem and an estimate of the days required for repair

e For stolen vehicles, the police department name, city and the report
number. If after two weeks the stolen vehicle has not been recovered, the
Employee participant must complete and sign a Replacement/Transfer
Request Form. This will allow the Employee participant to obtain an
interim vehicle from Lapeer Road Marshaling Center. The stolen VIN will
be deactivated when the interim is delivered.

Participants must provide the original work order at the time the loaner vehicle is turnedIn to the LRMC. The work order must include:

e Date the vehicle went in for repair
e Date the vehicle was repaired and available to be picked up

Participants Outside of Southeastern Michigan — Rental Vehicles:

Participants outside of the Southeastern Michigan area are permitted to rent a vehicle
when their company-owned vehicle is out of service and submit a claim for
reimbursement. All rentals must be booked using the designated travel agency by
calling 669-272-1325 to ensure the Corporate Discount Number is applied (including
insurance coverage).

The rate of reimbursement for rental vehicles is $35 per day for a maximum of $350 per
occurrence. If the repairs are anticipated to exceed 10 days or the maximum rental
amount, contact the dealer to determine the reason. You must also contact Company
Vehicle Operations for assistance in expediting repairs or if an extension on your rental
will be needed.

Revised June 5, 2024
19

USE OF A COMPANY-OWNED VEHICLE OUTSIDE
THE U.S. OR CANADA

The Company-owned vehicle may not be moved outside of the United States or Canada
without the prior written consent of the Secretary of the Company Vehicle Committee.

Stellantis’ liability insurance coverage does not extend outside the United States or
Canada. If Stellantis consents to the use of the vehicle outside the U.S. or Canada, the
Employee participant is responsible for arranging for appropriate liability insurance
coverage for the protection of Stellantis, the Employee participant, driver and/or
passengers.

EMERGENCY ROADSIDE SERVICE

Company Vehicle Roadside Assistance Program benefits are provided by Cross
Country Automotive Services and include:

e Automatic Enrollment. No membership card or number is required.

e 24 Hour Toll Free Stellantis Company Vehicle Assistance Line. 1-866864-7684. This line will be answered by trained roadside assistance agents
familiar with benefits.

e Towing Coverage and Dispatch. The vehicle will be towed to the nearest
Stellantis dealer at no cost. Please note that with Fiat vehicles, given the
limited number of dealerships, if a long distance tow is required, CCAS will
work with the driver to provide the most practical arrangement.

e Battery Jump. Service will be covered up to $100 per event.

e Emergency fuel delivery. Fuel will be provided (2 gallons typically) to drive
the vehicle to a nearby gas station. Service delivery will be covered up to
$100 per event.

e Emergency lock out assistance. CCAS will dispatch a qualified locksmith
service to open the vehicle and retrieve keys. If keys are lost, and no other
practical means of replacement is available (Such as dealer programmed key
and combined key and fob units), CCAS will arrange to transport the vehicle
to the nearest dealer for a replacement. This service will be covered up to
$100 per incident. The cost of the key is not covered.

e Flat Tire Assistance. CCAS will dispatch a provider to change the tire with a

good spare. In the event there is not a good spare, or if the inflator kit on nonspare equipped vehicle does not correct the deflated tire, CCAS will transport

Revised June 5, 2024
20

the vehicle to the nearest dealer or tire store. This service will be covered up
to $100 per event.

e Travel Interruption Expense Assistance. In the event a warranty related
mechanical disablement occurs that requires overnight repairs, or an accident
that renders the vehicle inoperable while traveling more than 150 miles from
home, the Employee participant will be reimbursed up to $1,000.00 for food,
lodging or alternate transportation that is necessary as a result of the
disablement. To file a claim for travel interruption reimbursement, please send
your name, address, copies of expense receipts and repair order or accident
report, and Vehicle Identification Number to:

Stellantis Company Vehicle Roadside
Assistance Program P.O. Box 9145
Medford, MA 02155

INVESTIGATIONS AND LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

All participants and Permittees of company-owned vehicles are required to cooperate
fully in the Company's investigation into accidents, lawsuits and damage to companyowned vehicles which includes timely responding to representatives from Gallagher
Bassett Services, Inc. (within 48 hours or as soon as possible). In the event that a
company-owned vehicle is stolen, vandalized, or otherwise sustains damage, including
damage arising out of alleged criminal or civil wrongdoing, the participant and Permittee
of the vehicle must cooperate with government authorities and Stellantis by signing and
filing criminal complaints, participating as witnesses, and taking such other reasonable
and necessary action as may be requested.

A participant is not authorized to settle a claim involving a Stellantis owned vehicle.

Service of Process:
Participants served with papers in a lawsuit arising from the use or operation of a

Company-owned vehicle must follow the procedures listed below:

e Notify Gallagher Bassett Services, Inc. immediately by calling (248) 475-0215

e Mail or fax all papers served to Gallagher Bassett Services, Inc. within 24 hours
after receiving them. The following information should accompany the papers:

e Date, hour and place of service

e The manner of service (i.e. personally or by mail); if by mail, include
the envelope in which the papers were served

Revised June 5, 2024
21

e All correspondence should be forwarded to:
Gallagher Bassett Services, Inc.
P.O. Box 2934
Clinton, IA 52733-2934
(248) 475-0215

Third Party Contacts:

Any claims or contacts received by telephone or mail from a third party (individual,
attorney or insurance company), must be referred or sent immediately to Gallagher
Bassett Services, Inc. for handling and reply.

DEATH BENEFIT

In the event of the death of an employee, dependent participation terminates. The
surviving spouse or domestic partner will be given title to his/her choice of one of the
lease/PE vehicle(s) in his/her custody at the time of the Employee's death. Continuing in
the Company Vehicle Program is NOT an option. This offer is not extended to children
of the deceased employee. Any additional lease/PE vehicles are to be immediately
returned to the Company.

lf a lease vehicle is declared a total loss, the surviving spouse or domestic partner may
order and receive title to a similar vehicle in his/her custody. If an identical vehicle is not
available, the Company may substitute a comparable vehicle in accordance with its sole
discretion.

The surviving spouse or domestic partner will be responsible for all costs associated
with transferring title to a vehicle following the death of the Employee participant,
including, but not limited to, costs for re-registration, title transfer, insurance and
applicable taxes (including income taxes on the value of the vehicle). The Company will
issue a 1099 Form (Federal Tax form) the following January indicating the value of the
transferred vehicle. This value represents miscellaneous income to the surviving
spouse or domestic partner. Maintenance, Repair and Insurance coverage is
terminated by the Company when the surviving spouse or domestic partner receives
the vehicle title.

Revised June 5, 2024
22

RETIREMENT

Upon retirement from Stellantis, Employee participants will have the option to participate
in the Retiree Lease Program, which allows eligible retirees to lease two vehicles (must
have at least one additional approved driver for second vehicle). If the Employee
participant is currently leasing one or two vehicles at the time of retirement, the
Employee participant may continue leasing one or both vehicles. The terms and
conditions of the Retiree Lease Program will be made available to eligible individuals
upon retirement. Eligibility to participate in the Retiree Lease Program is subject to the
terms and conditions thereof, as they may be amended from time to time. Note:
employees hired on or after January 1, 2004 are not eligible to participate in the
Retiree Lease Program.

AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION

Stellantis reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to amend the Company Vehicle Program
at any time and from time to time, without the consent of any person.

Stellantis reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to suspend, discontinue, or terminate
the Company Vehicle Program, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time.

COMPANY DISCRETION

The Company Vehicle Program is administered by Stellantis or its designated
representative. Stellantis is responsible for formulating and carrying out all rules and
regulations necessary to administer the Company Vehicle Program and has the sole
discretionary authority to make factual determinations and decisions regarding eligibility
of retirees and participants in the Company Vehicle Program, as well as discretionary
authority to determine all questions, including factual determinations, as to the
participation of any individual under the Company Vehicle Program. Any decision made
by Stellantis or its designated representatives final and binding on all persons and not
subject to appeal.

Revised June 5, 2024
